very good friendship valería and very good
my honor also what it is and what
this video is I am recording live
as you can see I am here in very good
company and it is that I am doing
live almost every afternoon if I don't do it
in the afternoon I do it at night
depending on the topic that there is ok
then this video is being recorded
live and I am enjoying it in front of the
people who are members of my
secondary channel I reminded him that subscribing
to my channel is totally free but
also if you want to collaborate with me so
that I can continue dedicating myself to this
for a long time you can become a
member there is a very nice vote here that
says join for only 0 with 90 a month you
can become a member it is much
cheaper than buying me a coffee I want to
talk to you and I have prepared a
series of things here so as not to leave out any
details of the grotesque behavior that
salva and jorge javier had today
regarding mila ximénez as you already know
half a chimney has not
participated in the programs for months now what she gave
some occasional interviews but what it is to
get into trouble and position herself in
controversy there are enough months  in which she has
not done it I understand that due to her
condition it was worth it for her to get involved in
certain confrontations and conflicts
done today because Javier on his own is
worth it because obviously the person
could not unfortunately ask
Javier's permission what he has done this
afternoon has been to position Mila Ximénez
with you and Mila Ximénez if she were alive
today she would be defending Rocío
Carranza what she has done now has
been to take advantage of the affection and empathy or
what the people the public are missing from
Mila Ximénez to say that
she would have supported Rocío Carrasco
she at the moment she started watching the
documentary she supported her and specifically with
that one she has well told a phrase that
Mila Ximénez supposedly had said to her
in private before dying and the
phrase in the following I have written it down
here it seems incredible to me it seems
incredible but it is boring that this is done with
a person whose death is still late
this recent death or I am not going to read
the phrase but I give you my opinion if a
person has told you what they have
told you in  private also the chimneys
may have put like the rags
antonio is very private but if a
person in private to you has said whatever it is has
not wanted to position itself by h or by
b publicly we are nobody to
position it we are absolutely
nobody to position it on its behalf and
now javier has said that look
chimney well I already at the moment that they have
started talking to mention me
the chimney because rocio carrasco when she
enters the set has said there is the dish of
mila ximénez I love that it is called like that
and I don't know that I don't know how much I already knew
where the shots were going to go I already knew it is that I
already knew what I was going to do I
swear to you that there are people who are surprised
that nursery the hooks save me today
that you are going that to me it would not surprise you
these things really surprise you
really ospina again please pray
javier pronounces this phrase that according to the
literal in which he said look with everything
that I have seen antonio david it is not an
abuse of torturer jorge javier
has taken the liberty this afternoon to
make some  statements on my behalf,
obviously, she doesn't have
my permission to do so because she's not here
to give her permission, but Jorge Javier
has taken the liberty today of
making statements like these in
my name. At night, and I understand the
seriousness of the facts, I don't know
how strong a phrase like this is.
Any collaborator who is
working at Telecinco right now
couldn't make it because they would be sued by
a huge [ __ ] complaint. If any of
those collaborators are, surely more
than one is not lacking in desire. And if it was to say
Antonio, you're a torturer, you're
worse than an abuser, you can't
do it, they couldn't do it. Well, how
can they do it? The plan would
lead to a huge lawsuit and
probably a criminal complaint as well.
What they've done is being put
in the mouth of a person who is no longer
with us, and to hell with that
person, they can't report it. We have
made it public that someone made those
statements without giving them checkmate.
Antonio David appeared. Let's see, it doesn't
surprise me literally. It doesn't surprise me at all on the
part of those people, but it
seemed brutal, brutally dirty to me. I was
preparing myself here.  a series of things
quickly I'm sure I'll skip some
but since the subject has come up in
Salvamente and they have made
this nursery I'm going to try to give you
a point of view that I think is going to
be a little more real than the position that I
would have had today in
this case first I'm going to show them to you
in public and then I'm going to give my
conclusion and I think that what I'm going to
give you is going to be a little more accurate than what
Salvame wanted to do I want to
make one thing clear because I know that a lot of
people who look closely don't know where they
asked me for a contradiction or whatever not
the lapidary to do almost a week or
less there was just a week ago I used this
tweet where I showed a clip of Mila
Ximénez from Libya to Rocío Carrasco
a little thing that really Rocío that I know
that it was we are not going to return to life and I don't
need to because it was a click in
me especially when she had already stopped
talking to Rocío Carrasco because I
hurt myself in recent years she had stopped
talking to them they had  fought in the
corridors of Telecinco
according to some media that I'm
going to show you and she was already talking to us
when the lapidary you have done do not
throw it in my face that it is the same
piece now I knew how to position a
person who cannot position themselves in
life when already deceased it is very
different okay because because lapidary
is putting some statements about me
the one who voluntarily
gave these statements to me the sálvame in
public what they have done today is tell
some supposed ones that we have to believe
because she says statements that she
would have made to me in confidence in private
well in this click of lapidary that
you can see it on her twitter account I am
not going to play it because the video
lasts 2 minutes and you know that you can
put a small clue but two
minutes is not a lot of time I am not going to save myself the
problem I am going to read this article
about the reason what Mila Ximénez thought
about the controversy between Rocío Carrasco and
Rocío Flores
in this article transcribes that episode
of Mira Chimenes it is not what she says I don't know
that we are not going to  speak again so I'm
going to tell you as a mother I would
feel like [ __ ] seeing how they are
beating my children how are you
protecting them here because
she always says that she protects them no
how are you protecting them if you
allow those around you to hit them like that takes out
your daughter that says it here in Mila
Ximenez in this click okay you can see that
real on Lapidario's twitter the click comes out it
is that literally Rocío
Carrasco today I found it very funny
when she said to Terelu Alejandra she doesn't even
touch Terelu's daughter but
nevertheless she lets hers touch her
whoever it is Sanz Belén Ro gives her a hard time
Kiko Hernandez gives her a hard time or people
who are colleagues or get along
now with Rocío Carrasco
things they say about her daughter we all
deserve forgiveness a chance we made a
mistake she left your daughter at
the mercy of the horses I would ask you to
tell your friends to leave my daughter
alone since she talks in the weather but she
tells me the same thing that I say to the
mine you talk about yours because i know that
this phrase came from you or fidel or
both said mila ximénez don't talk to her don't
look at her miss out on a life that you're
going to regret you suffered in the
absence of your mother who was
working i know what an absence is it's
tremendous there's an enormous pain and part
of the blame is yours these are
words from mila ximénez to rocio
carrasco she regretted and suffered the
absence of her mother because the mother
was working but the thing is that they are
missing out on the life of the daughter of the
children well the daughter more than the
children because it's been less time
but she is lost because she feels like it
because she doesn't want to forgive father because there is no
other then i have here an article
from the semana magazine titled gh
bit 7 mila ximénez reveals her
run in with rocio carrasco in the
hallways of telecinco the collaborator of
sálvame against
antonio david flores her closest confidant
inside the most famous house in  the
television you know that watches fireplace
despite the fact that I already met Antonio David
from Chronicle of Mars and having
found some other dishes, she strengthened
her friendship with Antonio David as a result of
Big Brother which coincided in the same
edition no this does not mean that I
had a bad relationship with Rocio
Carrasco but quite the opposite Mila
Ximenez until a few years ago had a
good relationship with Rocio Carrasco
invited her let's remember to her cream event
not the famous cream event well I don't
remember but I think it coincided with something about the
child's doctor and Rocio Carrasco did not
go or did not attend and it was said that outside of
Mila instead of going to the fireplace she
had a good relationship with Recio Carrasco
look at this tweet for example I found
no you cannot be more beautiful than me
Rocio Carrasco in 2016 and in this
article Mila Ximenez well in these
articles they echo that Mila Ximenez
says I ran into her and I asked her how was
everything she grabbed her bag and threw it
against the wall  everything fell out and she said
let everyone know that she left
here, from me
pointing at her private parts she can do
whatever she wants but let it not be forgotten
why she left here that is mine
revealed Jimenez while
Antonio David looked on attentively. Look at these things,
look how curious what
Mila Ximenez is saying here. Well,
Rocio Carrasco is probably exploding because the
daughter said something in favor of Antonio
David and I think that is why the
daughter does not forgive her because Rocio
Carrasco has a certain resentment against
Antonio David and as you have seen she
wants to put him in jail no matter what,
that he does not accept any agreement and that he does not
admit to anything, she does not want to pay she wants to
destroy Antonio Davis she wants a
sentence for Antonio Davis she does not care what it
is, no matter what the fact that the
daughter has sided with the father or
positioned herself in favor of the father in this
case, well, that is what makes Rocio
Carrasco not want to even forgive her daughter,
no, I think it is because  that but notice
how curious what Rocio Carrasco says here, the
chimney that Rocio Carrasco says that
you know everything that has come out of here to get
out of here pointing to her
private part remember that she also did that
in the documentary in the documentary
her part is also pointed out that I said or
check end to the girl however
nobody said anything when she did the same thing
Rocio Carrasco indicating to us where
the girl had been in
case we didn't know the anatomy of the
human body
what end to the girl indicating not
where the sauna or if someone of us has forgotten
the anatomy of the human body
then we have this article about the reason
that Antonio David says if he was
authorized to go to Mila Ximenez's funeral home
is that this is absurd or rather
whoever denies it is [ __ ]
Antonio Lavin is not going to show up and if he
wasn't on the list and if he didn't know that he
had the family's permission I don't
understand that when a famous person dies there
has to be some kind of control
some kind of list of someone who
controls or doesn't control the entrance I don't
think any neighbor can go and say
Hey, I was a neighbor of Mirage and
Beni, I flew there, we couldn't imagine this
control, the chaos, it's not that I take for
granted that when he can act and he
shows up and it's because he has the permission of
the family and apparently the
family itself, I think the brother in particular
confirms it, no, the family of the
Sálvame collaborator had a list
with the names of the people who could
go to say their last goodbyes. Here we have
another moment in which Mila Ximénez is still
alive, this article from
September 5, I don't know if these words
from Milan also correspond to
September 5, 2020, what Mila
Ximénez did with Rocío Flores unleashes
war
on the Campos. This article is called
El Televisión or if we read a little, it is
supposed to be narrating
Mila Ximénez's attitude. Well, some statements
that she gives to Mila Ximénez on the program, not
that same afternoon, you already know the relationship
I have with Tea de Luz, whom I adore, and
with Theresa too, but I think
Carmen said something that doesn't make any
sense.  when calling Rocio she causes [ __ ]
Rocio Flores you're worth it until the end of
Rice and Flowers I think it's happened to you
a lot as we see Mila Ximenez they
were always very defensive of the girl,
the daughter, not Rocio Flores de la Marina
but well girl no he tells us that he
would have liked that when the line
was in survivors he would have
sent a message to his mother man more messages to his
mother cannot be sent
I have a question to both of us who are
mothers would you have had the same
behavior basically what we see
once again in this article is what I
'm telling you that she has always
had this type of statements for
Rocio Flores that now that
the mother answers a message to
open the doors to her daughter is the
new enemy of Rocio Carrasco Mila
Ximenez the one who was her support watch out with this
is the one who was her support what I
told you a few minutes ago I threw it and
Menezes
and a good relationship with Traction
Carrasco to the point that he even invited her
to events Mila Ximenez  at a certain
point she has a run-in with
Rocio Carrasco and this adds up well
the fact adds up after I
established a friendship with Antonio da Vida
through Big Brother Antonio David
was very alone and I gave him all my love he
cried a lot
with me we shared a lot of confidences I told him that I had made statements pay attention to this and I told him that I had made very ugly statements against Rocio Carrasco that this had hurt her a lot it's worth another article to give as an example here from the temple in which
Mila Ximenez the painful words of
Mila Ximenez to Rocio Carrasco I
would love for her to start over
again if you see once again in my
fireplace criticizing Rocio Carrasco
as a mother not as a mother anymore but
pushing her and correcting her and pulling
her ear additionally listen to me I have
had an experience with my daughter and I
am giving you advice so that
the same thing that stops you from happening to you doesn't happen to you live that makes you go through it in
a [ __ ] way go with your daughter that
's the position that I see  no although i
know that her father will be watching over
her from a distance i can't stop
wondering where you are you would only
ask for
a memory free of reproaches and that you
return to your childhood as they clawed at
the distance with your mother the day you
lost her your image froze the country her
tears made many of us who
loved rocio cry and we all feel
orphaned with you go over that moment
that was an irremediable loss does it
compensate you for crying the absence of
a person that you can
still enjoy and that i know is still waiting for you
i believe the position of half crime is
very clear i'm going to give you my opinion on
what mila ximénez's position would be if she
were alive i think it will be closer
to reality than what she
implied save me i think anyway i
tell you i'm not going to put words in
anyone's mouth that they don't pronounce
based on what is public as to what she
wanted to leave me publicly i'm going to decide what i
think her
position would have been i understand that these words have
now been taken out of context
when she said what  He is not an
abuser but a torturer. I understand
that the context of those words would
perhaps be to emphasize that Antonio
had perhaps gone too far or
done too much by rubbing salt
in the wound and it seems to his ex-partner
that he has gone too far in that aspect. No, what do
I think after seeing
all these headlines and video clips or
my own production 12, no, because
Xavier is telling you these words now, we have to believe them, but the ones we
are seeing have been made by a thousand in
lifetimes, two videos out of a thousand that
Milan herself has made, another is telling no one,
for me, Mila Ximénez's position is
that she thinks Cantona David
has gone too far with Rocío Carrasco
on the sets, in the sense that he is
an abuser but in the sense that he has
given her a hard time, that he has taken advantage of
the opportunity to be going to
the sets, okay, and that maybe with
all the things about privacy that he
had to tell,
I am putting this out of my own mouth, okay, and that  He has
gone too far and has hurt her by criticizing her
so much on the sets but nevertheless I would
not be in favor of Rocío Carrasco and I would
criticize her as a mother Mila Ximénez would
be criticizing her as a mother and how
are you putting the daughter if in the
documentary that would surely have
said it according to me is that she is exposing
the daughter in the documentary as if it were what
happened last week another would be
almost adequate it was another time it was not
another age besides she is
12 my conclusion is that of course there are people there are people who were living made like a football team many times and I am trying to instill something else being critical questioning all this is not about Betis or Sevilla Antonio David or Rocío Carrasco Antonio David is absolutely right in everything Rocío
Carrasco absolutely in everything no this
is neither black nor white it is grey a
little bit from here a little bit from there
Antonio David will have gone too far through the
dishes carved a lot of cane Rocío
Carrasco has told the others things of
the account will have hurt her with some
word  Rocio Carrasco but that is not
abuse before David is not an abuser perhaps
the context of those words
is that he was not an abuser perhaps
precisely in these words
Antonio David is not an abuser he is a
torturer look what I was
referring to is that he was still very
tough on TV but that the abuser
precisely these words this phrase
perhaps was favorable I do not put
Telecinco wants to sell them to you they
want to sell you a
complete positioning but I understand that I
had that criticism towards David then
in the sense of his time on the sets
and the public dispute he has had with
his ex and the way of presenting it but
nevertheless Mila Ximenez was
against the way Rocío
Carrasco acted against her son
I believe that this position that I am
explaining would be closer to
reality than what Mila really thought whom they have
tried to expose this
afternoon between the 5 but well gentlemen of
course I will be reading you from the
comments house give the y to the video if you
liked it and  Also subscribe to my
secondary channel where I am live almost every
day